Ok I understand that at some point in time someone saw a bug on a bed and just thought I’m gonna name them bed bugs yeah that makes sense so who the fuck named them cockroaches
Why is a Queen more mobile than King in Chess?       Because the chessboard looks like a kitchen floor! Ooh!
What's a difference between Acne and Catholic Priest?       Acne waits until boy's 12 before it comes on his face! Damn
It's really bummer than you can't say "black paint" anymore these days…       Now you have to say:"Tyrone, can you please paint that wall?" 
I'm really curious… Breakups in china must be the worst! You gonna see your ex's face everywhere you go!
You know what’s that black stuff between an elephants toes?       Slow natives!
I always ask myself… Islamic Terrorists make no sense? Commit suicide and might get 72 virgins… Become Catholic Priest and get them now!
A Biology Teacher once asked me what is inside a cell? Apparently "Black People" wasn't a answer!
What's similarity between woman and tornado? At first there's lot of blowing, but in the end you lose your house!
How does a Black Woman fight against a crime?         She has a Abortion! God damn…
If you have a bad day, don't disappointed. It could be always worse! Imagine running into a wall with a boner and breaking your nose first!
How you call a Pregnant Slave?      "Buy one and you get one free"
Can we get rid of "Your Mom Jokes" please? They are old, stupid and have been done literally hundreds of times by everyone…      Just like your mum! :P
What is a difference between calendar and you? Calendar has dates and you don't!
What you call a Wheelchair Driver on fire?       Hot Wheels!
Why does a one handed man always sit behind bald man in the theatre?      So that he also has something to applaud!
Why do all orphans have an iPhone?       Because there is no home button!
Do you know guardians of the galaxy? You must know, you look like a nerd. Anyway, you must know about the tree character named groot. So, do you think if groot was stroking his branch up and down, up and down, up and down, all day and all night, do you think he would say “I am goont?” :P
What do you call an autistic kid with a gun?       Special Force!
Why don't terrorists shop at Walmart?       They prefer a Target!
Where do suicide bombers go after they die?       Everywhere!
How did the terrorist get into Czechoslovakia?       They didn't czech his papers.
Writing a horror screenplay. It starts of a ringing phone. The person anwsers and it's their mom saying "I have a computer question".
When wearing a bikini, woman reveal 90% of their body.       Man are so polite. They only look at the covered parts.
I walked past a homeless guy with a sign that read "One Day This Could Be You!". I put my money back in my pocket. Just in case he's right.
My doctor told me that jogging could add years to my life. He was right! I feel 10 years older already!